Fixed #25617 -- Added case-insensitive unique username validation in UserCreationForm (#16103)
django/django: docs/releases/4.2.txt

* :class:`~django.forms.ModelForm` now accepts the new ``Meta`` option
  ``formfield_callback`` to customize form fields.

> * :class:`~django.contrib.auth.forms.BaseUserCreationForm` replaces the
>   old UserCreationForm.
> 
> * :class:`~django.contrib.auth.forms.UserCreationForm` now inherits
>   from BaseUserCreationForm and adds a method to reject usernames
>   that differ only in case.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The new :class:`~django.contrib.auth.forms.BaseUserCreationForm` is added,
  and is the recommended base class for customizing the user creation form.

* :class:`~django.contrib.auth.forms.UserCreationForm` now inherits from
  :class:`~django.contrib.auth.forms.BaseUserCreationForm`, and implements
  ``clean_username`` to reject usernames that differ only in case.
```
